feat(content): Adding an "on waypoint" to the Star Research mission (#7831)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

		random < 20
	passengers 3
	cargo "sensors" 2
	on offer
		dialog `A group of <bunks> scientists approaches you and asks if you will be headed to the Rim any time soon. "We're doing research on Wolf-Rayet stars," they explain, "and we're hoping to find a captain who can do a fly-by of <waypoints>." Scientific research in the Deep is notoriously well-funded, so they will probably pay you quite well.`
	on waypoint

> 		dialog `The team of scientists unpack their equipment and take some measurements of the star. Before long they inform you they are ready to go home.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `The team of scientists unpacks their equipment and takes some measurements of the star. Before long they inform you they are ready to go home.`
```

One team, even though it is of multiple scientists.
